This is the starting set up I'm well starting with, it's the default set up we use throughout the course,
it's the webpack simple template installed with the vue cli
and I haven't added that much.
The app.vue file is pretty empty,
only added to this container div here with the bootstrap container class which I as always also added
here as I import in my index html file.
The main.js file is pretty much untouched so you can simply install the webpack symbol template
and should get the same result.
Now one thing we can do right away is since we're going to use vuex, we want to install this stage 2
preset which gives us access to the spread
operator, we're going to use that later on.
So let's install it right away, with npm install --save dev as it's a development only dependency,
we can install babel-preset-stage-2 and this will download it and once it is downloaded, we can go to
the babelrc file and simply add it here to our presets,
so here I want to add it to this array of presets,
the stage 2 preset,
this again unlocks this spread
operator.
Well besides that, we get everything we need
and with that let's let's first think about how should our application be laid out.
If you recall the app from the last video, the app we're going to build,
we had a header so that certainly makes up for a good separate component and then we had basically three
routes.
We had this home page where we had the
please go somewhere you have so much fun
text,
then we had the stocks page where we could buy stocks and then we had the portfolio page where we could
look at our stocks and sell them of course.
So these were the three pages we had plus the header, sounds like we at least need these four components,
now for the individual stocks on the stocks and on the portfolio page, we're probably also needing some extra
components or at least that makes sense to create them.
You want to choose your components to be granular enough but you also don't want to make every button
its own component,
so kind of find the right balance there.
So this would be the layout
I have in mind
and with that I'd say why don't we get started in the next video with setting up all these main components
we can think of right now and then setting up the routing so that we can at least switch between them and then
we go from there.
Sounds like a plan,
let's start with that.